Need to your phone, Rust?
It's Jade, again.
We've only studied once this month.
She's so unscheduled.
I thought you said she was doing well.
She was.
Now it's just, see you later.
How was your last study?
That's a very interesting question, but...
It's not really what we're talking about in this paragraph, is it?
So...
Let's just read the scripture, shall we?
In my defense, I was annoyed.
She never even attempts to explain why she can't solve.
I understand.
Really, I do.
But if she's still open to studying,
you can't let these little things drain your enthusiasm.
I know. I just...
I wish she was more structured.
It's like she doesn't take anything seriously.
No study's perfect.
She's making some effort.
Focus on that.
If anyone's infusiasm is contagious, it's yours.
I haven't mentioned it already.
I really love our chats.
And I appreciate all your questions.
Thanks.
I know sometimes they're crazy.
No, you're a deep thinker.
It's good.
For both of us.
Yeah, we're cool.